Documentation - Update UG DG for bulk operation and priority (#266)
AY2122S2-CS2103-W17-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

However, this implementation comes with the increased risk of desynchronization between the AddressBook and Schedule data files. This is deemed an acceptable risk, but is also mitigated by validation checks during the inflation process to discard invalid appointment data, ensuring that the application only works with valid appointments.

### Edit Appointment Priority Feature - `prioritizeappt`

The priority feature is similar to the edit for `Appointment` but specifically changes to the `Priority` enums.

> The `Priority` enums override the `Priority#toString()` method to convert enum to reader friendly values and have static `Priority#getFromDisplayName()` to convert case-insensitive `String` to `Priority` enums.

Reviewer: I get what you are trying to say here, but there is no need for this.

Author: try rephrase

> The original `Appointment` also extended with additional attribute constructor priority, and set `Priority` by immutable `Appointment#withPriority()`.

Reviewer: This sentence does not make sense, try rephrasing it.

Author: tried rephrase

However, this implementation comes with the increased risk of desynchronization between the AddressBook and Schedule data files. This is deemed an acceptable risk, but is also mitigated by validation checks during the inflation process to discard invalid appointment data, ensuring that the application only works with valid appointments.

### Edit Appointment Priority Feature - `prioritizeappt`

> The priority feature is similar to the edit for `Appointment` but specifically changes to the `Priority` enums.

Reviewer: Phrasing issue here.
```suggestion
The priority feature is similar to the edit for `Appointment` but specifically changes the appointment's priority to one of the `Priority` values.
```

Author: thx changed

> The `Priority` enums handles convert enum to reader friendly feedback of priority level, and static `Priority#getFromDisplayName()` method to handle case-insensitive string to enum conversion.

Author: thx will rephrase

> The original `Appointment` also extended with additional constructor with attribute priority, and set `Priority` is done by creating new appointment by method `Appointment#withPriority()` which keep its immutability.

Reviewer 2: this line is quite unnecessary cos it's kind of obvious, can just remove it

However, this implementation comes with the increased risk of desynchronization between the AddressBook and Schedule data files. This is deemed an acceptable risk, but is also mitigated by validation checks during the inflation process to discard invalid appointment data, ensuring that the application only works with valid appointments.

### Edit Appointment Priority Feature - `prioritizeappt`

The priority feature is similar to the edit for `Appointment` but specifically changes to the `Priority` enums.
The `Priority` enums override the `Priority#toString()` method to convert enum to reader friendly values and have static `Priority#getFromDisplayName()` to convert case-insensitive `String` to `Priority` enums.
The original `Appointment` also extended with additional attribute constructor priority, and set `Priority` by immutable `Appointment#withPriority()`.

The calls of static method are received by Appointment and creation of new Appointment with `Priority` show as partial diagram below:

> ![Priority Diagram](images/PrioritizeApptSequenceDiagram.png)

Author: thx removed

![Parser Flow](images/DateTimeParsingSequenceDiagram.png)

> 

Reviewer: Please remove this addition, I don't think you should be editing this section. Thanks.

Author: thx removed
